Hix the largest manufacturer of heat
transfer presses offers the broadest
range of clam opening presses and all
are made in America the Hicks series
clam is the hallmark of rugged durable
heat transfer machines clam opening
style presses are best suited for
garments they take up the least amount
of counter space and require one motion
to quickly open or close want an even
better clam make yours an auto open 15
by 15 or 16 by 20 inch clam the best
clam press on the market the clan Manuel
family shares the same features with the
exception of the exclusive auto open
feature of the S 456 50 P series now you
don't have to be at the press to open
when the cycle is done these auto open
presses simply open by themselves and
need no air compressor the 16 by 20
models also have an optional
interchangeable lower platen feature for
smaller and specialty platen ease these
presses have a one-year lifetime on heat
element warranty features include
digital timer with audio sounding alarm
adjustable up to 99 minutes and 59
seconds calibrate a digital temperature
control adjustable up to 450 degrees
Fahrenheit or 232 degrees Celsius and
displays the current temperature and
time it has full range pressure control
for thick and thin substrates floating
lower and large under site clearance for
easy garment loading and
the s4 5650 p-series presses
automatically open at the end of the
cycle due to a proprietary mechanical
latch system instead of unreliable
magnetic components or air assistance
certified to UL si si si and ETL
standards clam manual and semi-automatic
presses ship ups in the USA